--- 
layout: page
title: DOBT Cover Letter
published: true
---

My first job out of college was for a government contractor based in Arlington,
VA. I was new to writing software and made some mistakes an inexperienced
developer is prone to make. I assumed people using the web based software I was
helping to create were using it exactly as described in the documentation
provided. I observed otherwise about 15 months into my time at Devis when I
accompanied my then project manager into the GSA offices. While visiting their
office I got the opportunity to observe people using the software I'd written.
I watched them work with the web page zoomed way in, clicking the back button
in the browser instead of going back within the wizard (losing form state). And
I watched them use the product in other ways it wasn't designed to accomodate.
I took these revelations and I made a youthfully ignorant choice. I decided I
wanted to make 'cool shit' for people who 'got it' rather than build tools for
'those people'. I moved to New York City and began working for a digital
advertising agency.

As I've matured into adulthood I have come to recognize many misconceptions and
biases I once held as absolute truths. People generally don't 'come around' on
their own and the 'best' solutions or products don't succeed of necessity.
Similar is true of government, it doesn't get better all on its own. Government
requires thoughtful people advocating for genuine progress and working towards
better solutions. I'd like to be among the group of people working toward
progress which is a large part of why I'm applying for this developer role at
DOBT.

My resume has numerous entries because I've been doing contract work for years.
I believe it adequitely reflects my decade of server and client side software
development experience. But it does not reflect the appreciation for user
interaction design and the amount of time I spend thinking about and advocating
for the user. As a government contractor I was required to understand and plan
for accessibility and to think about the wide range of people and the spectrum
of ways they may interact with technology. As computers evolve to encompass
more forms the spectrum of interactions and contexts broadens significantly.
Considering these human and contextual factors will continue to be a challenge
but one I thoroughly believe worth pursuing.

I hope you will consider me for this role. I believe I could help DOBT continue
to do good work improving technology solutions for the government.
